README.md, before:

# Ball Splitter Simulation

(Authored by Marlo Ongkingco)

Playable at [https://mkingco.itch.io/ballsplitter](https://mkingco.itch.io/ballsplitter).

Based on Mike O'Brien's probability simulation at [https://mana.works/splits](https://mana.works/splits).

### TODO:
- ~~Randomize ball color~~
- ~~Add slider for player to choose split probability~~
- ~~Implement custom random algorithm for 50/50 splits~~
- ~~Fix Canvas UI Scaling~~
- ~~Bugfix: Some balls remain active on ResetSimulation~~
- ~~Add accuracy stat to compare randomness to split chance~~
- ~~Optimize for 1000 active balls~~
- ~~Build to WebGL~~
- Change split behavior:
    - Random force angle applied on activate 
    - Balls should split from bounce location, not middle
    - Split balls should have similar velocity to its former

### Nice-to-Haves:
- Add random tones on collision
- Further simulation customizability:
    - Ball bounciness
    - Varying probabilities
    - ~~Toggling ball-to-ball collision~~
    - Varying ball/border size

Commit message:

Refactor PlayActiveBall to control activation time in code

README.md, after:

# Ball Splitter Simulation

(Authored by Marlo Ongkingco)

Playable at [https://mkingco.itch.io/ballsplitter](https://mkingco.itch.io/ballsplitter).

Based on Mike O'Brien's probability simulation at [https://mana.works/splits](https://mana.works/splits).

### TODO:
- ~~Randomize ball color~~
- ~~Add slider for player to choose split probability~~
- ~~Implement custom random algorithm for 50/50 splits~~
- ~~Fix Canvas UI Scaling~~
- ~~Bugfix: Some balls remain active on ResetSimulation~~
- ~~Add accuracy stat to compare randomness to split chance~~
- ~~Optimize for 1000 active balls~~
- ~~Build to WebGL~~
- ~~Change split behavior:~~
    - ~~Random force angle applied on activate ~~
    - ~~Balls should split from bounce location, not middle~~
    - ~~Split balls should have similar velocity to its former~~
- Bugfix: Visual glitch on ball activate before position is updated
    - Refactor all position transforms to either Rigidbody.position (FixedUpdate) or Transform.position (Update)

### Nice-to-Haves:
- Add random tones on collision
- Further simulation customizability:
    - Ball bounciness
    - Varying probabilities
    - ~~Toggling ball-to-ball collision~~
    - Varying ball/border size
